README.md, before:

# TerpCopter 3.0

# Overview
This repository contains work done for AHS micro aerial vehicle challenge 

# ROSTerpcopterModule
This module requires ros kinetic and catkin worspace installed in your local
system. 

- To build the module in your catkin_ws copy and paste all the folders inside
 ROSTerpcopterModule into catkin_ws/src folder and run catkin build 
 
 ## Choosing Master and Slave 
Terpcopter team choose Buggy/ snappy drone to be the master and slave to be GNC laptops. To reflect the setup, make the following changes in your Laptop's bashrc:
```
nano ~/.bashrc 
export ROS_MASTER_URI=http://<ip address of the drone>:11311
export ROS_HOSTNAME= <ip of laptop>
```
on snappy/buggy drone 
```
nano ~/.bashrc 
export ROS_MASTER_URI=http://<ip address of the drone>:11311
export ROS_HOSTNAME= <ip of the drone>
```

 ## Manual Launch 
 # Launch Following nodes on Odroid
```
roslaunch mavros px4.launch
```
In a new terminal [2]
```
cd amav_ws
roslaunch terpcopter_driver/terpcopter_teraranger_node.launch 
```
## MATLAB GUI Launch 
Edit the loadParams.m file env variables accordingly.

cd GUI and launch Master_GUI.m 



# Issues Noticed

When launching launch files one might get "... is not a launch file". If this is the case: 

cd into workspace catkin_ws 

```
source ./devel/setup.bash 
```

Odroid Desktop no launch bar fix: source: https://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2337119
```
1) Open a hard terminal again using [Crtl]+[Alt]+[F1] - and log in if necessary
2) $ cd ~/.config/dconf
3) $ rm user
4) $ cp user.bak user
5) $ kill -9 -1
```

Commit message:

[README] Added instructions for setting up flow probe on odroid

README.md, after:

# TerpCopter 3.0

# Overview
This repository contains work done for AHS micro aerial vehicle challenge 

# ROSTerpcopterModule
This module requires ros kinetic and catkin worspace installed in your local
system. 

- To build the module in your catkin_ws copy and paste all the folders inside
 ROSTerpcopterModule into catkin_ws/src folder and run catkin build 
 
 ## Choosing Master and Slave 
Terpcopter team choose Buggy/ snappy drone to be the master and slave to be GNC laptops. To reflect the setup, make the following changes in your Laptop's bashrc:
```
nano ~/.bashrc 
export ROS_MASTER_URI=http://<ip address of the drone>:11311
export ROS_HOSTNAME= <ip of laptop>
```
on snappy/buggy drone 
```
nano ~/.bashrc 
export ROS_MASTER_URI=http://<ip address of the drone>:11311
export ROS_HOSTNAME= <ip of the drone>
```

 ## Manual Launch 
 # Launch Following nodes on Odroid
```
roslaunch mavros px4.launch
```
In a new terminal [2]
```
cd amav_ws
roslaunch terpcopter_driver/terpcopter_teraranger_node.launch 
```
## MATLAB GUI Launch 
Edit the loadParams.m file env variables accordingly.

cd GUI and launch Master_GUI.m 

# Flow Probe Nodes

- The teensy board on which the flow probe is attached might not work (Serial input pauses after a few lines). Follow instructions on this link to install the latest UDEV Rules for the board : https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/49-teensy.rules

- The serial porst need root access to run. Try steps in this link to change : https://askubuntu.com/a/58122


# Issues Noticed

When launching launch files one might get "... is not a launch file". If this is the case: 

cd into workspace catkin_ws 

```
source ./devel/setup.bash 
```

Odroid Desktop no launch bar fix: source: https://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?t=2337119
```
1) Open a hard terminal again using [Crtl]+[Alt]+[F1] - and log in if necessary
2) $ cd ~/.config/dconf
3) $ rm user
4) $ cp user.bak user
5) $ kill -9 -1
```
